In this video, you will learn
how to put your
personal portfolio website
on GitHub.
Once you've signed into GitHub,
click Start a project.
Enter the repository name
making sure it starts with
your exact username,
then dot GitHub dot io.
Enter any description,
I'm just going to put "My Portfolio"
- keep it simple.
No need to hit anything else -
and create new repository.
And [magical appearance sound effect],
there it is.
Now to get that into your local machine,
click Set up in Desktop, then confirm,
then choose a local path to save it,
I'm just going to put it on my desktop.
Name the folder whatever you want.
Select that folder,
and then hit Clone.
[Speaking while distracted]
And now it's in your local.
Then navigate to that folder.
To make sure that it is the GIT folder,
Go to View, check Hidden Items, see the
dot git folder there,
[Enthusiastically]
so you're good.
I'm just going to download a template
to get this going faster.
This one looks stylish - going to
download that one
Going to throw it the repository
folder.
And then extract it once it finishes
downloading.
And make sure to extract it in
the root folder.
And there it is. Now I'm just going to edit
the index a bit - personalize it up.
Change the title to my name
dash portfolio.
And then a bit more personalization
right here.
[Impatiently]
Ok, good enough! Save that.
Back to GitHub - on the left we see all the files
that will be added, all the ones downloaded from the template
The title, just "Initial Commit" is good enough.
Commit that to Master, it'll do its thing.
Once it's done committing we have to push,
so hit that Publish button to put it on GitHub.
Now go back to GitHub, confirm that it is there.
[Robotic]
Give the page a reload and hooray it is there.
Now to make sure that it is in fact published,
scroll down a bit to GitHub Pages
and mine is published automatically.
Just hit that link and there's the site.
And you see the bit of personalization up there.
So it all worked.
And there it is - a portfolio website on GitHub.